###Project 16 - Vehicle Rental Manager

---
#####Description
The VRM helps people working at a local car rental shop keep track of their vehicles using inheritance to model different kinds of vehicles and to support polymorphism. 

---
##### Class Requirements
There are three kinds of vehicles:
1. <em>Car</em>2. <em>Truck</em>3. <em>Minivan</em>All vehicles will have the following items of information, regardless of their kind1. <em>Make</em> - The maker of the vehicle (e.g., Ford, Honda, etc.).2. <em>Model</em> - The model of the vehicle (e.g., Taurus, Accord, etc).3. <em>Year</em> - The model year of the vehicle4. <em>Status</em> - The status of a vehicle is a string indicating whether the vehicle is available for rental, out rented, or down for repairs.5. <em>Id</em> - This is an integer uniquely identifying each vehicle in the shop.6. <em>Daily cost</em> - This is the price that the rental shop charges for renting a vehicle for a day.In addition, the VRM keeps additional information for each kind of vehicle. In particular, trucks will have a field indicating the maximum cargo weight that the truck can carry (a floating point number). Cars will have a string indicating the body type (e.g., sedan, hatchback, station wagon, convertible, coupe). Minivans will have two fields indicating the overall length and width of the minivan.
All vehicles managed by the VRM must be kept in a single data structure, a linked list similar to the linked list that we saw in class. Make sure to use identifier polymorphism appropriately in order to hold different kinds of vehicles in different list nodes (i.e., there should be only one Node class). Also, the VRM must contain at least one abstract superclass.Each class will be appropriately equipped with one or more constructors including at least a programmer-defined no-arg constructor. Must code these classes from scratch. Not allowed to use predefined Java libraries, except for the Scanner class for standard input. 

---#####Command Line InterfaceWrite a client class that implements a command line interface allowing a user to enter the commands below. The command line interface will prompt the user for a command, and then execute the command. Here is a list of commands:- <b>v</b> - Add a new vehicle to the system. The user is prompted for the items of information pertaining to the vehicle (kind, make, model, etc.). Next, the user is prompted for information pertaining to the specific kind of vehicle. Finally, a new instance of an appropriate vehicle class is created with a new id and added to the list of vehicles.- <b>c</b> - Change vehicle status. The user is prompted for a new status for a given vehicle id.- <b>d</b> - Resets the linked list of vehicles to be an empty list.- <b>l</b> - Lists all the vehicles. All vehicles in the VRM are printed on the console display (including all fields of each vehicle). The list does not need to be sorted by vehicles unless command s was entered before l.- <b>a</b> - Lists all the vehicles whose status is available for rental. All such vehicles in the VRM are printed. The list does not need to be sorted by vehicles unless command s was entered before l.- <b>s</b> - The vehicles in the original linked list are sorted alphabetically by the make and model of the vehicle. Can reuse the current list (e.g., by rearranging its nodes), or to create a new list.- <b>q</b> - Quits the VRM.