###Project 11 - Vector Basics

---
In C++ a vector is a 1D, array-like structure with unlimited capacity. You can add elements — e.g. using push_back() — and the vector grows to accommodate the additional data. C++ vectors are an example of generic programming since they support storage of any type of data: int, float, string, struct, vector, etc. Here’s how to declare a new, empty vector for storing strings:
      vector<string>  V;
Start by writing a C++11 program that does just the following: creates a vector V of strings as shown above, and then immediately outputs 3 values to the screen:1. sizeof(V)2. V.size(), which is the # of elements in V3. V.capacity(), which is the # of elements that can be stored in V before it must growWrite down these 3 values on a piece of paper (we will be collecting this paper). Note that your program will need the following header files and namespace directive in order to compile:      #include <iostream>      #include <vector>      #include <string>      using namespace std;Now create another vector V2 of integers, and immediately output the same 3 values using V2. Write down these 3 values as well. [We’re going to do this 2 more times, so you might want to create a table / spreadsheet.]Now add 5 strings to V; use V.push_back(...). Add 5 integers to V2. Repeat what you did earlier, and output those 3 values for V: sizeof(V), V.size(), and V.capacity(). Write down these values. Repeat for V2, and write down the 3 values.Finally, add another 5 strings to V, output the 3 values once again, and write them down. Repeat for V2.